Update  Object Classification docs for 1.3.2 (#73)
ilastik/ilastik.github.io: documentation/objects/objects.md

Suppose we have a probability map for a 2-class classification, which looks like this:
<a href="figs/pixel_results.png" data-toggle="lightbox"><img src="figs/pixel_results.png" class="img-responsive" /></a>

The basic idea of thresholding is to answer a question for _every pixel_ in an image:
is the pixel value larger than the _threshold value_ or not?
In ilastik probability maps (result of [Pixel Classification][Pixel Classification Workflow]) pixel values are in the continuous range from `0.0` to `1.0` in each channel and describe the probability that a pixel belongs into a class.
In this applet this continuous range is transferred into a binary one, containing only `0`s and `1`s (so no values in between) by comparing it to a set threshold.

> **Note:** To see any the results of changing the parameter settings in this applet, press the "Apply" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** To see the results of changing the parameter settings in this applet, press the "Apply" button.
```

There are two algorithms you can choose from to threshold your data: _Simple_ and _Hysteresis_, which can be selected using the "Method" drop down.

Both methods share the following parameters:

>  * _Input_ Channel(s): Select on which channel of the probability map to work on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * _Input_ Channel(s): Select which channel of the probability map contains the objects
```

 * _Smooth_: Configure sigmas for smoothing the probability map in order to reduce noise.

>    The Gaussian can be anisotropic, i.e. sigmas for all dimensions can be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Gaussian can be anisotropic, i.e. sigmas for all dimensions can be different. This setting is important for very anisotropic data where we recommend not to smooth across the low-resolution axis at all.
```

These high probability areas act as seeds:
For the remaining objects the segmentation is then relaxed to the level of low threshold starting from the seeds.
The two levels of thresholding allow to separate the criteria for detection and segmentation of objects and select only objects of very high probability while better preserving their shape.
As for the single threshold case, we provide a view on the intermediate results after the application of the high threshold, the size filter and the low threshold.
The image below shows the results of the high (detection) threshold after size filter in pink (<span style="color:#ff0aff">&#9679;</span>) overlayed on the final results of the low (segmentation) threshold multiple colors:

<a href="figs/thresholding_two_thresholds.png" data-toggle="lightbox"><img src="figs/thresholding_two_thresholds.png" class="img-responsive" /></a>

An additional setting is available with Hysteresis Thresholding:
Two (or more) seeds (determined by the "core" threshold) might result in the same object when the segmentation is relaxed.
With the _Don't merge objects_ checkbox, you can control this behavior:

> Checking it, will preserve one object per detection.

Reviewer: How about pointing to the separated objects in this image which would get merged if the checkbox is not activate? The light pink and yellow one?
